this is weird man this is weird to be like right next to you i know uh so we're in the same room
we're in the hotel room this is the very biggest it's a very special episode of tomorrow.fm
it's special but it's also like maybe the loosest definition of what this episode is going to be
about that we've had because it's like we could talk about stuff that's happening every
event we don't really want to do that and there's lots of people doing that so we're going to
just talk about it's our first tech conference but the first episode of this we were booking
sessions for this yeah and we talked about how the first tech conference we've ever been at
yeah so we're here yeah it's a sequel yeah so we it's almost over we're flying out tomorrow
you're leaving tomorrow right yeah i'm leaving at noon okay i'm playing at like five a.m yeah and
that's maybe my first subject would be like going to a tech conference and the physical implications
of that yeah how do you feel physically right now actually pretty good oh good i slept like 10
hours last night i got last night i went to bed at 7 p.m. pacific your your east coast times you actually
have had even worse than me all week yeah but did you just like go to bed on time did you do something
that i did not do i've been this way my whole life i just leave like a rock no matter where i am
see my wife would tell you i'm a really good sleeper or at least i follow sleep really easily
all the time but this whole week i can't follow sleep i can't stay asleep yeah i don't i don't know
why i took it so badly i feel like there's all these people from europe that came in people from
australia they're like 20 hours behind their normal schedule and they all seem fine and i'm like
dragging myself through the expo hall i don't know what i did wrong if i just i mean we talked about
it we had some drinks i'm not even part of it uh i haven't done that in three years so that maybe
that's it i haven't done anything like this yeah in three years i've i've gone to the grocery store
and like been at home for three years straight i don't think i've like gone to a thing at all
let alone a tech conference like this yeah sometimes my body's just completely unprepared i mean don't
get me wrong i don't feel great okay yeah i think the thing that really threw me off was
you think you're just gonna have a normal day but you're just you know meeting people and stuff
but it's really hard to have anything close to a normal day like i was forgetting about my meals
i was eating breakfast like i wasn't showering at the right time like it's really hard to keep up with
anything normal while you're at a tech conference of this size or there's stuff pulling you in a
million directions and fitting in anything that you need just to stay alive is it's kind of hard yeah
yeah yeah what's your what's your just like first impressions of tech conferences in general
yeah i'm very surprised actually so i've like we said i've never been to one before
and the reason i've been to one is i never saw the value i just thought it would be kind of bored
the whole time and i didn't so i've never been to one i was surprised i ended up really liking it
yeah and my one of my takeaways is oh i should be trying to do this as much as i possibly can and
not because of any of the things you would expect out of tech conferences kind of it kind of caught
me entirely off guard you know you think you go you listen to people talk and you know that's the
conference but really we didn't go to any sessions so me and Adam did not go to a single session the
whole time we were here all those things you saw us sign up for we just did not not do um we spend
all their time just hanging out walking around um running into people that we only ever see online
i'm just talking to them in person a lot of really cool people it's great to see people's
personalities in real life uh it was just really fun like you know i haven't had this much social
interaction in a very long time and to be able to do that with people that i already kind of know
from online that are all interested in all the same things uh yeah it was a lot of fun yeah honestly
for me i felt like the last few years and they've just been like an exaggerated version of my
whole career which has always been remote always been from home but i feel like these last years
have been like this incredible amount of isolation and just like building anxiety i've never felt so
anxious on the internet or just in life i think so much of it's just that only having digital
interaction honestly the thing i take away from this and i want to go home with is like
i need to have more adult interaction i need to find a way for my wife to have more adult interaction
it's just like i haven't done this and i mean i feel like my whole working career kind of overlaps
with my adulthood and so much of it is lacked something about this like you said it's not the
tech conference stuff it's none of the actual content of it it's just like being around people
who have interests that you have and just interacting with them in person i was always like the biggest
advocate of like remote from home all that stuff and i still am but yeah i want to do this more and
i didn't expect to come out of it being like because i don't like travel like i've definitely
done that in the past i don't like a lot of the trappings of it and just the eating and all like
like we talked about but just like something about the camaraderie and the hanging out with people
i got to figure out how to do that living in the Ozarks and like for my wife somehow i know she
would love that interaction it feels like something was missing like there's a void yeah and i i don't
really consider myself a super social person i don't think you said that either so same thing
i work remotely my whole life i didn't really feel like oh like this is a thing that i needed
but even as someone that's not a very social person being here makes me realize wow like that
is like a whole part of life that is just missing i don't think you noticed it that much when you
don't have it but yeah it is they're just like something something not there and yeah figuring
how to like get that in our lives more is definitely important it's i don't want to go too like deep
and philosophical here but i do think i've heard people say it's like community it's like there's
something in our society today just lacks something they had for all of humanity like all of societies
have been built around this kind of like communal living not communal living but like
this sense of community and belonging to something and while i felt like i had that like you said i
didn't feel like i was missing it yeah the online nature of the you know tech community it is different
it's different and i'll concede that yeah there is like some biological thing where some part of
your brain is activated when you see someone in person and it's just not there when even through a
video chat whatever it's not it's not there is it amazing to you how few people this is kind of
shifting gears but how few people you actually recognize like when you see them and when you've
only seen them in their avatar or whatever yeah like it actually takes a bit even people have
interacted with a lot like i thought i really knew what they would look like it's just something
about running into them in person is totally different yeah that's that was actually very
hard i feel like next year before i come to the conference i need to like make a list of everyone
and their avatar just like study it yeah we had so many awkward moments or someone would come up
and we'd be like uh you look kind of familiar and then we look at their name tag their name tag
would be facing the wrong way and then we look back at them and then we figured out but yeah
it's uh people look different in 3d that they're convention really that's a lot yeah i got to say
Corey clean didn't recognize me that that was kind of a little moment for me i just thought like
we've interacted on the internet he's this big like it he doesn't i just thought i was gonna get
i don't know even you've learned i don't handle rejection what uh maybe something you didn't see
online yeah what about the conference itself like this one is a big one i think compared to other
tech conferences like yeah what are things you've learned that you want to like take in next year
yeah i think uh everyone said to us that if we've never been to a tech conference board this is a
crazy one to start with because it is so big um i don't know if i can really put the words but i'll
try uh biggest is a big place every hotel is way bigger than a hotel you've been at just a single
hotel you can get lost in for hours and that's not even the whole conference big reinvent covers
several hotels each one is gigantic there's people and despite that it's completely crowded it's
like rivers of people going around really understood how big the AWS community is i think 60,000 people
are here the number doesn't mean anything to us but when you see it in person it is it's not really
really crazy the scale of it uh here is is insane and i don't think i don't know if there's any
conferences this big at least in the tech world outside of that um yeah in terms of what i you know
what what you should do at reinvent like we said like i said earlier um we definitely underestimated
so the sessions are in different hotels and i think we book sessions not considering what hotels
they were at and because there are different hotels you just don't want to leave like once you get
to one hotel it is a complete journey to get to another one just to get to the exit in the current
hotel you're in is a journey that's going to go on make it so parking a lot is hard um so we should
have just booked sessions in the primary hotel which is the Venetian no essentially we didn't go to any
of them uh but next year you know try to book them in the same same hotel you know where like do
other tech conferences have the same kind of a setup where it's basically like there's a keynote
and there's a bunch of sessions is that reinvent specific or is that yeah i think i think most are
so much smaller they have like stages like they might have like two stages and there's yeah that's
what i've seen on twitter yeah exactly they have somebody come up after the next person they just
keep going through them yeah so this is unique it's like every room and every hallway this hotel
has a session going on yeah in parallel like the whole way yeah it's overwhelming yeah but i might
have popped into one if they were here at the Venetian and we could have just like hey that one sounds
fun yeah but i'm not next year i don't know if i plan on even i guess there's an advantage to
pre-booking even if you're not going to go because you could it's like optionality yeah but yeah i
don't think we missed anything not going to sessions i feel like the meeting people the hanging out
people yeah that was the thing yeah we the main thing is like find a place to park where you see
people coming through pretty often and then just stay there and you end up running into everyone
yeah that's what we did and it worked out really well uh what do you think about the expo uh it's
a lot visually like it's kind of over what just you want to set the stage a little bit it's just like
all these boots but i guess they probably do other tech conferences maybe on this scale just just
it's like the biggest warehouse room you've ever seen massive yeah like to take you like 10 minutes
a walk from one end to the other just walking pretty fast probably more than that to be honest
and just packed with these boots and different size boots you know you know you're normal and
the size is still pretty expensive i think we were talking to some of the people and they were
saying the smallest boot you can get there which is like half of one side of a booth is 50k and we're
talking like three feet wide four feet wide it's just a little kind of like place for a laptop yeah
exactly the smallest thing you possibly get and then the biggest ones are like like a million yes
for the booth um so it's a huge room with all these things and some companies go all out and have
these crazy setups and with these lights and projectors and their logo and like these games and and
all this crazy stuff yeah yeah there's a data dog slide that's on the expo but yeah it's like a slide
going down a floor we still have which we didn't do no we didn't do that yeah i think i only had
it open certain times yeah and there's always a line yeah it's just a lot of people i just haven't
been around so many people maybe ever but definitely not in a long time it is surprising that despite
how many people there are we were just running into people we recognize yeah like 60,000 people we
probably knew like 50 of them and i think we found all of them and it wasn't that hard yeah that's
something i'm ever saying to you pretty early in the conference is like all at the same time i didn't
i couldn't have ever believed that the AWS community was this big or that there's that this many people
that care because it's like there's just a fraction of the whole community the people who are willing
to fly to vegas from wherever they live so it makes this AWS community feel so much bigger than i think
it is what i'm hanging out on twitter but at the same time like that group that hangs out on twitter
feels so much smaller than i realize like it's this weird dichotomy where i simultaneously feel like
more people are interested in this thing than i realize and maybe like less people because of the
niche the little thing we care about nativeish community is this every tiny or part of it right
yeah yeah and you know they read the the zone we were hanging out in was the serverless zone but
it wasn't even called the serverless zone it's called the modern application zone and it was combined
with the Kubernetes stuff so it was yeah very small community um i guess this one makes it fun
right we we know everyone in our space and yeah we all know what we're we're thinking about it
talking about yeah yeah so you don't feel awful i feel really like physically i mean i'm definitely
ready to go home like i have not showered correctly in a while i don't feel clean i feel like i'm
like what a correct shower is i don't know i just like my shower to home and anywhere else i'm just
like this is not a good shower i like everything at home and everything feels foreign the food
the the shower the bed yeah all of it i sleep with it do you use it this is random do you care
about this uh do you use like uh one of the bed coolers yeah i do an ooler no i use i have an eight
sleep oh that's the one that's like built into the mattress right yeah well it's it's a cover that
goes over the mattress okay but you buy the whole mattress from them right i got a crazy lucky situation
someone in my building when i lived in new york uh had bought one and very quickly they had to get
like a doctor prescribed mattress because that's a back issue so they sold it to me for five hundred
dollars the whole setup and only cost like three grand yeah um but yeah it's very nice so yeah i do
use one of those things makes it impossible to sleep in a hotel exactly i turn my down all the way
i can use myself at night if you're used to that like cool to the touch all night and then you get
in one of these just i sweat the whole thing yeah the bed is just i have to keep rolling the
different sides of it to like find a cold spot yeah yeah we're princesses so i guess yeah yeah
it's like a little extra uh what are your tips tips people coming to this uh well one i think just
overall i do recommend it like i recommend coming to that if you've ever been on the fence and you're
like and i know people haven't harder like having to fly from europe i can't pretend to say i know
it's going to be worth it for you but for me coming in kind of skeptical like 100 worth coming and to
your point like i would like to find more tech conferences to go to because we do have other interests
that are not just AWS and reinvent so i definitely want to find other opportunities to travel to hang
out with a bunch of like-minded people uh that's not really a tip just kind of like if you're on the
fence in terms of tips for this because this is all i know about tech conferences uh i would have
come more prepared i maybe i don't know like how i could fix the food situation it's like you're
just eating out the entire time for a whole week here and i don't know i guess most tech conferences
aren't a whole week that's kind of part of the problem yeah uh what can i do to make a sleep situation
better i would just i would make myself i would come in with like a very strict schedule for myself
like i'm always going to go to bed by this time and i would not deviate from that like i think i
didn't realize somebody said it last night when i was like i could clearly visibly i was like exhausted
at seven o'clock and i'm walking out of the hotel to go to the next one to go to bed and the guy said
it's a marathon not a sprint and i would have like come in with that mentality that you got to make
it through the whole week without physically being exhausted i didn't even walk that much i thought
like everything i heard leading up to it people would have like 20 000 steps and it's like you walk
constantly i guess those were people that are going to the other house yeah exactly we stood a lot we
were standing the whole week so it's pretty sedentary yeah eight pretty terribly yeah and a lot of just
self-control uh slept terribly and just didn't go to bed at good times so i would fix all those things
and and that's my tip is like take care of your physical self so you can actually like make it through
the whole congress without just being exhausted yeah i think another random thing bring chapstick
yeah oh yeah it's so dry this is so dry there's so many people everyone's like coughing people are
getting nosebleeds all of our lips are just chapped completely yeah yeah data dog was giving out uh
day a dog been a chapstick which you know they've been here a bunch of times clearly they know they
know what you need yeah that's like 3D chips right there they were they were prepared if they would
have little lotion bottles i think that would have been the next move yeah uh on the coughing note how
much i mean what do you think like 2022 now what is the percentage of us that are going home and
taking covid well everyone says that and i fully expected this that we're gonna get some kind of
you you go home and you're kind of sick i really don't want that to be the case like i've a lot of
work i don't i don't want to be sick right now um but i think it's about to happen we'll see if we
get lucky we're not gonna get it i'm convinced like the next whatever the next pandemic thing is
is going to start here in attack conference yeah so if we get something it might be like the next
covid yeah i mean it had enough time and enough people at this place to mutate into something
completely just it is really i tried to explain to my wife just like describe it visually just the
number of people at all times like a river going both directions everywhere you are in this hotel
every hallway is just completely packed you're like cattle which is really interesting too uh
today the keynote Verner gave his keynote and they had like this whole slide and this whole thing
on the big video display of all the birds like swarming around and talk about like did you see
that yeah and i just i thought about it at the conference how humans are really good like we
do somehow like move together really well yeah but yeah i don't know i think i will come back i
think it's it's worth coming to i think i don't know what the next thing i guess react Miami you're
gonna be yeah that was gonna be easier for me because i get to go home yeah that's in yeah you
live in my life in my bed oh wow yeah okay i'm moving to vegas i'd be ready for an entry in that
get the family accommated just out of my dear whole life around this one week yeah right
are there any what time when is react Miami like if i want to come to that when it's in april
oh i thought it was way sooner oh it's in mid april so you have time to tell if you want to go
yeah um yeah but that it's like way i mean it's a whole week because it's uh it's not react my
amazing whole week but there's a Miami tech week thing and a bunch of people come in for that there's
a few different conferences going on at the same time and react Miami is actually inside of a
bigger conference it's like a part of a bigger conference i think it's only let me just wonder
one or two days uh it seems extremely well run i saw videos from last year oh that's another thing
reinvent insanely well oh wow yeah they coordinate so much like every nook and cranny of vegas
has something reinvent going on it's all super super well done whoever all the people doing
logistics and coordination like i know that they're maybe gonna take a week off next week then they're
back to planning the next work yeah yeah i can imagine not a work mistake it's insane actually
amazon's really good at executing just in general yeah even though a lot of people move around within
the AWS organization or they leave the company or whatever everything stays so stable with AWS
products and like how they're not they don't break things it's all that like stuff that's in contrast
to the other cloud providers and i have to think it's just like the amazon culture works yeah it
trickles into things like conferences where you can just see they're very good at stuff and they
just they execute very well it would take so much to coordinate this thing and to not have any
major hiccups there was not a single i know they've done like 11 years but like not a single hiccup
even at the smaller level like the individual boost way hang out like those are so well ran and
just like taking care of things that you would think like that we wanted you know just like having
a place to go hang out that's quiet and to get something to drink and eat and they're just thinking
of everything it's a little level and at the big level yeah and they don't fully control everything
they control what they do but they're coordinating all the vendors and all the guests and everything
and just wrangling everyone throwing together that stuff is very hard i've done a little bit of that
small scale and it is difficult yeah i do feel like going to other other tech conferences would
not be as smooth as this would felt like if you're we're pretty spoiled yeah good first one to compare
everything else do yeah except the bars all right you got anything else on this no i think we're good
okay it was cool to do it in person this is nice yeah we'll just we'll just do this every time i'm
gonna fly to your house yeah yeah for every episode we get on tonight oh i'll come down to Miami okay
i'll bring the whole family all right did that end it no that last part oh wait no no 15 seconds
we got 15 seconds till it's 20 minutes let's keep talking i can play some music for 15 seconds at
the end but let's just keep talking i'm gonna come on this out and then it's gonna be like 19
minutes and 12 seconds okay that's fine oh wait wait we did it okay nice yeah